A frugal install, as characterized by most Linux distros that use it, is
a technique that copies the CDROM boot files as is, directly to a hard 
drive. The distro can then boot from these files and operate as if it had 
booted from the CDROM. 

This lets the user bypass the sometimes lengthly and messy full install 
procedure. Not all distributions are set up to do such a thing. But for 
those that are, they need only a handful of files to be copied to the 
hard drive, making for a very simple and fast install.

A frugal install is similar to running a live cd or live usb, except that 
it is running from a hard drive. Advantages of frugal:

  - Space is saved (installation to hard drive typically is 4 times the 
    size of the iso, whereas with frugal it is the size of the iso).

  - Frugal from hard drive is faster than live usb and live cd.

  - Great for testing (once set up). 

Since alphaOS is based on Linux Live Kit, it can be installed in conjunction 
with about any other operating system, without the need for an additional 
disc or separate partition.

How to make a frugal alphaOS installation? For this example I assume, that 
you want to install alphaOS on partition sda6:

  - First mount that partition and CD, i.e. click on their icons in SpaceFM file manager,

  - Then, copy alphaos directory from CD to the root - top directory - of sda6 partition,

  - Start bootloader setup dialog, Grub4DOS UI, from the Control center, 

  - Select you disk, then in options tick search only in this device and press OK. 

Created menu.lst will have these entries:

title AlphaOS (sda6/alphaos)
  uuid 6a729329-3106-4f49-9dbb-23b9f947bd9c
  kernel /alphaos/boot/vmlinuz from=/alphaos
  initrd /alphaos/boot/initrfs.img

The same method can be applied for installation to a USB flash drive. But, in this 
case frugal installation directory should be named differently, for example alphaos.usb,
and you must use boot code from=/alphaos.usb. Also, bootcode usbmode should be used 
always when alphaos is installed to USB drive to reduce number of device writes.
